Agenda meeting #1


Meeting focus: starting code of conduct & backlog, look into Information Literacy & HCI assignments.
Location: Drebbelweg
Date: 15.02.2022
Time: 15:15
Chair: Mirella Günther
Note taker: Irina-Ioana Marinescu
Attendees: Per Skullerud, Krzysztof Muniak, Irina-Ioana Marinescu, Andrei Visoiu, Yannick Zuurbier, Mirella Günther


Agenda items:

[14:15 - 15:20] Opening by chair
[15:20 - 15:25] Check-in
[15:25 - 15:35] Start drafting a Code of Conduct


[15:35 - 15:45] Backlog draft
- we completed the backlog draft #1

[15:45 - 16:00] Ask TA for feedback about the drafts

Backlog:
 - a lot of must haves - jokers not as critical for the funcitonal part of the app; we could move it to the should have
 - must have = stuff that makes the application JUST work
 - not enough user stories( eg The user must be able to); all the features should be described that way(put in the description)
 - compact tasks(doable in one sprint, pref by one person too)

Code of Conduct:
 - might want to be a little more elaborate
 - give specific situations with clear rules that we agree on beforehand; all rules must be documented

[16:00 - 16:15] Check on the Information Literacy Assignment

- everyone signed up for the HCI
- the resit is an oportunity to redo the assignment(which will be harder in week 9)

[16:15 - 16:30] Check on the HCI Assignment

- we will check the HCI assignment with group 69
- we could use LucidCharts or figma for the GUI
- the draft is not graded

[16:30 - 16:45] Tips, tops, questions and feedback

From questions:
- no merge requests this week
- we will start coding next week
- we will have to learn javaFX from google :D
- we could play around with spring in a separate project beforehand
- clients should be on the same machine adn should be able to interact with each other 
- do merge requests on gitlab
- tuesday meetings are for checkins
- stand up meetings: everyone has to tell what they did that week for half a minute

Tips:
- get mroe used with the agenda; find a solution for online meetings;
- we were not organized at the beginning;
- flooded with templates caught us off-guard; we should read more of the stuff on brightspace
- we need to keep the pace

Tops:
- all assigments went well
- everyone is involved in the project
- we are improving at organizing stuff
- its not going bad

Feedback:
- send the agenda beforehand(upload it to git, main branch)
- commit comments should be in imperative form
- dont forget to upload code of conduct
- code styles!!

[16:45] Closure

Next meeting:
Per - chairman
Andrei - note writer