## Agenda meeting #2

- Meeting focus: Feedback on earlier work, networking setup, 
- Location: Drebbelweg
- Date: 22.02.2022
- Time: 16:45
- Chair: Per Skullerud
- Note taker: Andrei Visoiu
- Attendees: Per Skullerud, Krzysztof Muniak, Irina-Ioana Marinescu, Andrei Visoiu, Yannick Zuurbier, Mirella Günther

### Agenda items:

- [16:45 - 16:50] Opening by chair
- [16:50 - 16:55] Check-in 
- [16:55 - 17:00] Feedback on backlog
  -  backlog sufficiently granular, but first server-side issues might take a bit more than we anticipated
  
- [17:00 - 17:05] Feedback on code of conduct
  -  code of conduct: 
      - goals: make sure to mention some non grade related goals 
      - products: what standards must the submitted work meet (like codestyle)
      - who will have a final say and be responsible for final deliverables: list the person responsible for each week (chairman also works)
      - behaviour: explicitly mention that everyone should be involved in everything 
      - what exactly happens if someone is late or absent unannounced: cookies! (+ talk to them first time, next time notify someone)
      - decision: specify if that we take the vote, everyone who disagrees should still complain.
      - meetings: say how they are organised (or fixed days), how can we cancel them, rules to set up more meetings 
  
- [17:05 - 17:10] Networking setup
  - Websockets
    - main part of the application should use REST. 
    - can also use websockets/long polling for emojis, jokers.
  - Entering IP (why?)
    - if you start the server locally, start 4 clients and then they can all connect to the same server.
    - should ask on mattermost. 
  - Our implementation of endpoints 
    - we need to implement one functioning endpoint by the end of the week. one endpoint of each type: get, put, post 
- [17:10 - 17:15] GitLab practices
  - Milestones
  - Assigning particular issues to people

        - key points of good practices: 
          - every feature should be an issue and viceversa
          - as small and independent as possible - one person in one spring 14 hrs/week for the course, issue more than 14hrs -> split 
          - every issue: user story + description + detailed definition + checklist to track progress.
          - optionally: add some suggested solutions to issue description, hours estimation, wait 
          - milestone for each sprint -> assign issues that we want done during the sprint to the milestone
          - use boards 
          - if we encounter any extra things, bugs, make a separate issue for that. 
          - everyone should equally review merge requests. if people are behind, put them explicitly to review 
          - when we review a merge req, we can leave comments. they need to be specific, helpful and the code should be checked thoroughly. pull the code and test the functionality locally. the creator can disagree with some of the comments, they must reply to the comments. fine to also discuss merge requests outside of gitlab, but be sure to document on gitlab. everyone who participates in the merge request is responsible.
          - pipelines: automatic runs to check the build. they should be green. to avoid a bunch of "fix checkstyle" commits, always run checkstyle locally.

- [17:15 - 17:20] Front-end design
  - Our prototype 
- [17:20 - 17:25] Divide tasks until next meeting
    - git inspecting checks sunday evening, so merge by sunday :)
    - write fxml for specific files and also write controllers.
      - Andrei:
      - Irina:
      - Kryzstok:
      - Mirella:
      - Per:
      - Yannick:
- [17:25 - 17:30] Questions, tips and tops, feedback
  - not neccesarily a sophisticated design - should be user friendly though.
- [17:30] Closure
